Add TablePro to GUI section (#186)
shlomi-noach/awesome-mysql: README.md

- [phpMyAdmin](https://github.com/phpmyadmin/phpmyadmin) - a free software tool written in PHP, intended to handle the administration of MySQL over the Web.
- [pspg](https://github.com/okbob/pspg) - provides a pager with enhanced visualization and navigation for tabular data. Originally implemented for PostgreSQL, but also supports MySQL.
- [Sequel Ace](https://github.com/Sequel-Ace/Sequel-Ace) - a Mac database management application for working with MySQL databases.

> - [TablePro](https://github.com/TableProApp/TablePro) - Native macOS client for MySQL and MariaDB with inline editing, SSH tunneling, and AI assistant. Free and open-source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TablePro](https://github.com/TableProApp/TablePro) - Native macOS client for MySQL and many other databases with inline editing, SSH tunneling, and AI assistant. Free and open-source.
```

Might be good to highlight that it is not just MySQL and MariaDB.

Author: Yes, thank you
